Add documentation page for duplicating Campaigns via API. (#5847)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/messaging/duplicate_campaigns.md

---
nav_title: "POST: Duplicate Campaigns"
article_title: "POST: Duplicate Campaigns"
search_tag: Endpoint
page_order: 4
layout: api_page
page_type: reference

> description: "This article outlines details about duplicating Campaigns via an API endpoint."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This article outlines details about the Duplicating campaigns endpoint."
```

---
{% api %}

> # Duplicate Campaigns via API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Duplicate campaigns via API
```

{% apimethod post core_endpoint|https://www.braze.com/docs/core_endpoints %} 
/campaigns/duplicate
{% endapimethod %}

> > Use this endpoint to duplicate Campaigns. This API endpoint is akin to [duplicating Campaigns in the Braze dashboard.][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use this endpoint to duplicate campaigns. This API endpoint is similar to [duplicating campaigns in the Braze dashboard][1].
```

{% alert note %}
To use this endpoint, you'll need to generate an API key with the `campaigns.duplicate` permission.
{% endalert %}

{% alert important %}

> Duplicating a Campaign by API is currently in early access. Contact your Braze account manager if you're interested in participating in the early access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Duplicating a campaign via API is currently in early access. Contact your Braze account manager if you're interested in participating in the early access.
```

{% endalert %}

## Rate limit

This endpoint is limited to 100 API calls per minute.

## Request body

```
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer YOUR-REST-API-KEY
```

```json
{
  "campaign_id": (required, string) see Campaign identifier,
  "name": (required, string) The name of the resulting Campaign,
  "description": (optional, string) The description of the resulting Campaign,
}
```

## Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Data Type | Description |
| --------- | ---------| --------- | ----------- |

> |`campaign_id`| Required | String | See [Campaign identifier]({{site.baseurl}}/api/identifier_types/). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`campaign_id`| Required | String | See [campaign identifier]({{site.baseurl}}/api/identifier_types/). |
```

> |`name`| Required | String | The name of the resulting Campaign. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`name`| Required | String | The name of the resulting campaign. |
```

> |`description`| Optional | String | The description field for the resulting Campaign. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`description`| Optional | String | The description field for the resulting campaign. |
```

{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3  .reset-td-br-4}

## Response details

> This endpoint will return a `202` status code, and the campaign creation will occur asynchronously. You can use the [Security Event Download] to see records of when campaigns were duplicated and by which API key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This endpoint will return a `202` status code, and the campaign creation will occur asynchronously. You can use the [Security Event Download][2] to see records of when campaigns were duplicated and by which API key.
```

{% endapi %}

[1]: {{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/managing_campaigns/duplicating_segments_and_campaigns#duplicating-segments-campaigns-and-canvases

> [2]: {{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/company_settings/security_settings/?redirected=true#security-event-download

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[2]: {{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/company_settings/security_settings/?redirected=true#security-event-download

{% endapi %}
```
```suggestion
[2]: {{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/app_settings/company_settings/security_settings/?redirected=true#security-event-download

{% endapi %}
```

{% alert note %}
To use this endpoint, you'll need to generate an API key with the `campaigns.duplicate` permission.
{% endalert %}

{% alert important %}
Duplicating a campaign via API is currently in early access. Contact your Braze account manager if you're interested in participating in the early access.
{% endalert %}

## Rate limit

This endpoint is limited to 100 API calls per minute.

## Request body

```
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer YOUR-REST-API-KEY
```

```json
{
  "campaign_id": (required, string) see Campaign identifier,
  "name": (required, string) The name of the resulting Campaign,
  "description": (optional, string) The description of the resulting Campaign,
}
```

## Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Data Type | Description |
| --------- | ---------| --------- | ----------- |
|`campaign_id`| Required | String | See [campaign identifier]({{site.baseurl}}/api/identifier_types/). |
|`name`| Required | String | The name of the resulting campaign. |
|`description`| Optional | String | The description field for the resulting campaign. |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3  .reset-td-br-4}

## Response

> This endpoint will return a `202` status code, and the campaign creation will occur asynchronously. You can use the [Security Event Download][2] to see records of when campaigns were duplicated and by which API key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This endpoint will return a `202` status code, and the campaign creation will occur asynchronously. You can use the [Security event download][2] to see records of when campaigns were duplicated and by which API key.
```

{% endalert %}

## Rate limit

This endpoint is limited to 100 API calls per minute.

## Request body

```
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer YOUR-REST-API-KEY
```

```json
{
  "campaign_id": (required, string) see Campaign identifier,
  "name": (required, string) The name of the resulting Campaign,
  "description": (optional, string) The description of the resulting Campaign,
}
```

## Request parameters

| Parameter | Required | Data Type | Description |
| --------- | ---------| --------- | ----------- |
|`campaign_id`| Required | String | See [campaign identifier]({{site.baseurl}}/api/identifier_types/). |
|`name`| Required | String | The name of the resulting campaign. |
|`description`| Optional | String | The description field for the resulting campaign. |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3  .reset-td-br-4}

## Response

This endpoint will return a `202` status code, and the campaign creation will occur asynchronously. You can use the [Security Event Download][2] to see records of when campaigns were duplicated and by which API key.

> {% endapi %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
